that is such a great question. And there are. There are a lot of different
answers to that. I have been on many search committees for faculty
members through the course of my career, and I can testify to the
fact that oftentimes when we get, you know, an application pools.
So these are all the people who have submitted applications for particular
position. Usually we have a very small component of applications
from minority status individuals. Um, honestly, the majority of
our applications are from white men. Andan. The next biggest group is
white women and eso. I do think that that's one of the issues is that
we just aren't getting the same number of applications from minority
professionals, and that may probably be because there just aren't
as many minority professionals. So when you look at you know who
is who, who is getting a PhD, there are fewer minority individuals getting
PhDs compared to white individuals. Eso that's one part of the
problem. The other problem is that I don't think we have taken a strong
enough stance, uh, in terms of specifically hiring minority individuals.
Um, and I think that there are some politics that air revolving
around that which aren't really necessary. But that has been
a difficulty in our department. Um, you know, with issues being like,
Well, is this the most qualified person? And it's like, Well, maybe
not, because, honestly, we're just not getting the same pool of minority
applicants. But representation is really important. We know this,
and so is it worth it? Thio. Is it a better decision to hire a
minority PhD who maybe doesn't have exactly the qualifications we're
looking for, as opposed to hiring, You know, a white guy who does.
And I think you can make a really strong argument that no, it's better
to hire the minority person because they're bringing something to
the table that the other applicant absolutely cannot bring.